in football whats the point of wasting the first two plays with a rush - up the middle - not regular rush plays i get those
Why are different tiers (regular < mid < premium) of gas' prices almost always 10 cents different?
Stars and Visibility
How do we know all the money the government is getting from bank settlements is going back to the people?
What are good and bad sides of manual and automatic drive gear?
How do muscles grow?
Why does the water from my kitchen faucet taste different than the water from my bathroom faucet? Doesn't it come from the same place?
If dark colours absorb more heat, why does light skin burn easier than dark skin?
How the fuck does Facebook know about people I know?!
Why is chickenpox worse as an adult?
How do movies not get uploaded online in HD from movie theater employees before their DVD release?
Can defense attorneys 'throw' a case if they know their clients are guilty?
why, when intoxicated, does it feel like everything is spinning when you close your eyes but stops spinning when you open them?
Why are some fish bones edible, and others are not?
What's the meaning of the phrase "I've got a bone to pick with you."
Why can't we just taste candy or Sweets and then spit it out to avoid its unhealthy attributes? What makes us swallow it to get satisfaction?
Why are the things that taste the best bad for us?
Why do you see weird colors when you press your eyes?
If a movie production has $5,000,000 (estimated) Budget, must some of that money go to the actors? or only movie's production quality?
What classifies an island as an island? Aren't all continents etc essentially large islands?
why does wikipedia ask for donations almost every month? do they really need it to not disappear?
How does a water purifier jug work and could you put 3rd world ditch water through one and drink safely?
Why people like getting drunk/sloshed/hammered/shit-faced ?
Why has the Mars Rover Opportunity's Lithium Ion Battery Lasted 11+ Years and the one in My Cell Phone/Laptop/Tablet Dies in Less Than 2?
Why is sales tax in the US excluded from the list price?
Why does a beer on tap almost always taste better than it does from a bottle?
What is the significance of Jamaican Bobsled team qualifies for the Olympics?
Is it possible to build up an immunity to poisons both naturally occurring and man-made?
How do devices know the amount of charge left in a battery?
Why are my muscles sore after jumping in cold water?
why do we like watching the same TV show or movie over and over again?
why do the French have an abstain vote instead of people physically restraining from voting. [Other]
Why The Beatles broke up?
- Why do phones not require cooling vents but other small appliances do?
Why are oil prices so shockingly low?
If the inside of my microwave is made of metal, why is it bad to put metallic objects in it?
Why do we lack the instincts our ancestors had, e.g. telling you which foods are poisonous
Why do we wake up early when we don't have to but tend to wake up late when we need to be up?
Why do tech/software companies stay in the US when they are demanded to include backdoors by the US government? Can't tech companies just develop and release their products overseas, out of reach of the US government's influence?
with such an important vote like appointing a supreme court nomine, why is the senate floor so empty?
If you put tires on your car that are larger than the ones from the factory, would you actually be going slower than the reading on your speedometer?
How does bugspray kills bugs?
If a computer has a GPU, why would reducing GUI effects impact performance?
What happens if you don't pay your US Federal income tax?
Why does my employer require a voided personal check in order to setup direct deposit?
Why are the insides of Ovens Dark and Not Metallic or Mirror Like?
Why does metal react so violently when microwaved?
How did the American accent come about?
Why do The Miranda Rights state that anything you say can "and will" be used against you. If something's not incriminating why would it be used against you? Why would cops be forced to admit this up front?
Why is it when you rewind VHS tapes they lose their quality over time?
When a new library is built, where do they get their books? I understand many can be bought brand new from publishers. But, what about the old books, or the vast volumes of dated encyclopedias, dated periodicals, etc...
If the ozone layer is made up of O3, why are we not producing some of it ourselves and pumping more of them into the atmosphere to fix the problem faster?
Is it possible to be a 'man without a country'?
In the English language, how are contractions prioritized when a word can belong to two different contractions?
The Cuban Missle Crisis and Americas enormous beef with Cuba, what happened there?
Why doesn't it rain salt water?
Why can't we use a centrifuge to de-salinate ocean water?
What is a MAC Address?
How are adept music players able to just start playing along to anything that someone else plays and have it sound good?
Why drill instructor in the army never stop screaming at recruit in the army?
if i ground up a piece of pure iron and ate it, would my body abosorb it the same way as iron from food? if not, how do they make iron supplements absorb-able?
Whats is the actual cause of the common itch. and why is scratching it the cure?
When popcorn is popping, what is actually happening to the kernel inside?
What happens to your brain when you space out?
What is the point of a Kroger's Shopper card?
Why haven't our bodies changed to make childbirth less painful?
American TV shows compared to The rest of the world.
How do people add colour so accurately to black and white photos?
How do service animals help autistic children?
Why do books downloaded from the library need to be "returned" after a given amount of time?
How does Stephen Hawking's speech computer work?
If a self-driving car detects multiple courses of action (all of which will likely result in human injury) how will it determine which course to take?
why does spicy food make me sweat?
If there are no size regulations regarding goalies in the NHL, why doesn't a team just throw some really obese person out there to block the whole net?
If animals aren't aware that they are going to die, why would they try so hard to survive?
How can a computer come up with a "random" number?
Why are scars near impossible to get rid of?
Why don't developed countries make their own clothing without child labour?
Two spaceships are travelling towards each other at speed of light..
Why can we eat sushi raw but not other meats?
Why is it when oil prices go up gas prices immediately go up but when oil prices come down the price of gas never comes down as fast as when the price of oil increases?
Does time ever end, or is the future infinite?
Why "crazy people" have that distinctive look to their eyes
What is the point of money?
the hypothetical turtle on an island in the sun question?
how does a home equity loan work?
In English, what is the rule for the use of “An” or “A”
Why do we have two small nostrils and not one larger nostril?
How the heck do authorities determine who started a massive fire in the middle of the woods somewhere?
How do film/tv productions handle deaths of actors? Examples?
What would happen if all the countries wiped all the debt incurred by and owed to each other?
Why is it sometimes hard to find something that is right in front of our eyes.
Why is second day chili better?
How does the _URL_0_ door knocking audio clip do such a good job of making it sound like the audio doesn't come from your headphones?
Computer/TV Screen Size Pricing
Why do people think Yellowstone will explode and destroy the earth, but not worry about Hawaii's volcano eruption?
How does cutting down trees to plant other vegetation for the purpose of cultivation (such as avocado farming) contribute to global warming?
What happens to Lactose when ingested by Lactose-Intolerants?
If Helicopters need tail rotors to stabilize themselves from spinning, how can turboprop airplanes have only one rotor and not spin in circles?
What is the difference between an air-conditioner and a "marine" air conditioner (commonly used on boats)?
Why do people bother keeping savings in banks/currencies which are potentially unstable?
Why does water freeze from top to bottom? Deep in the ocean it’s below freezing, why doesn’t it freeze?
how they catch digital pirates who use hotspots or do they?
The voting rights of citizens in the District of Columbia historically differ from the rights of citizens in each of the 50 U.S. states. Why can't the U.S. just add an amendment to fix that right now?
I've been reading up on nukes. Did the Nevada nuclear tests have nuclear winter? Why or why not?
How come cars are able to go up to 220 km/h but highways only allow speeds of up to 110 km/h. Wouldn't it be wiser to have cars max out at 110 km/h-ish and reduce the engine capabilities?
Is it ever possible in the future to have matching finger/thumbprints?
How a military can overthrow a government?
why does spicy food stay spicy when it comes out the other end?
Why do posts on reddit not start on 0 (what's the purpose of allowing one to vote for oneself)?
How does copyright work with references?
Why is the word 'cunt' such a taboo word in the U.S.?
Why is the USA drinking age set at 21 when in most other respects you're an adult at 18.
Why do I not smell perfume I've sprayed on me but other people do?
How does a two headed reptile/siamese twins work? How do they move their bodies assuming there are two brains?
why aren't AK47's an "accurate" rifle
Why can I not remember what happens when I'm drunk?
Why does having noise in the background (TV, music, etc.) make me feel safer when I'm home alone?
Isn't the freshwater we have to work with just going in a cycle? How are we losing fresh water?
Why is there such a large Insane Clown Posse (Juggalo) following?
Why metal at room temperature feels cold while, say, fabric at room temperature doesn't
A neighborhood cat comes to your home and you feed it. A day/week later, other cats appear at your house looking for food. How did the other cats find out that you're a food giver?
Why do southern states freak out over a little snow?
What is the origin and meaning of "Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government."
What are those bastardly little tongue sores you get from eating too much salt or sugar, and how do you get rid of them?
Why are swearing words related to genitals and/or sexuality?
How can Pewdipie make $4M a year?
Where exactly is a woman's G-spot located, and how do you find it?
Why do we hear static from radios and TV's when there's nothing being broadcast? Shouldn't we just hear silence?
why you can't put metal in the microwave but nothing happens to the metal that it's built from
The size of the universe.
Why do school hours not match working hours?
Why do dogs go absolutely crazy after getting a bath?
What was the warsaw uprising
Why do professional athletes have a significantly lower pulse than the average person ?
Pirate Bay Megathread
How, with the proliferation of free porn websites like youporn, does any porn production make money?
How do landlords make money
Why do DVDs in widescreen format play with black bars on top and bottom on my widescreen TV
How do spammers spoof a cell phone number to make scam calls?
How have wolves impacted Yellowstone?
What is the difference between a CEO and the President of a company?
Why is it, that when I get really tired, everything is so much funnier?
How do people get infected with plaque?
Why does a company like Boeing need to make a commercial? It's not like anyone watching is going to buy one.
How do American football have bruised lungs without also having broken ribs? Isn't that the point of ribs?
What are dentists actually doing when they scrape at your teeth with those metal picks?
When did we stop having to type in 'www.'? Why did we have to to begin with?
What is the difference between real and imaginary numbers?
How odds work if everything is random?
How do phones and iPods and such know when they are turned sideways?
What would be the simplest way to "unplug" the internet, causing total shut down by means of disabling hardware?
The whole Wiki leaks and assange debacle.
How my wife and kids would go about inheriting things that are only in my name like bank accounts, house, ect..
What is my all carbs/protein diet doing for me?
Are calories just calories? Is it the same if you get a calorie from a fizzy drink or a piece of fruit or a slice of potato or a bit of cheese?
Why do computer telephone response systems always ask me to type a bunch of info, then transfer me to a human who asks for the exact same info?
Why is it that lakes/ponds around the world have fairly similar fish, instead of them each having their own unique species of fish like land ecosystems do for animals?
How bars or clubs charge huge crowds of people randomly ordering drinks.
Why group mentality is so powerful
If each pixel is merely a combination of a red, blue, or green light, why don't colorblind people who can, for example, not see red or green colors, only see blue on computer monitors?
The Hateful Eight in 70mm, is there no way to replicate so every theatre gets that "visual effect"?
How does a watch know when a month has 30 or 31 days?
Why does tiredness feel as though it comes in waves?
how does your brain produce a coloured image through staring at a negative?
Why are most passwords hidden on-screen by default when you type them, but WIFI passwords are not?
Why does time use the number 60?
The true difference between i5 and i7 processors
Why does water taste bitter after eating pineapples?
how a drug goes from needing a prescription to being able to buy it without a prescription
How do cars calculate speed and preview it on the speedometer?
What would happen if we could drill a hole to the core of the Earth?
Is there a psychological term for when you finish a game/book/series and feel empty inside?
Why is it, that even though I genuinely love Whiskey, I shudder nearly every time I drink some?
Why is it when I drink a glass of liquid I urinate at least twice as much back out?
What prevents DNA from getting tangled?
Why does the tray in a microwave rotate?
why child support is based on income rather than what a child would need monthly.
If you had a room with all walls, the floor, and the ceiling made of perfect mirrors and you shined a light in there somehow, would the light continue in there forever? Would it somehow disappear?
It seems like the whole world is against George Lucas' remade and remastered version of the Original Star Wars trilogy. What exactly did he do to change the story that makes fans hate it so much? Why all the vitriol?
How do blankets work? Why do they allow me to become warm even when the outside is cold?
Why does the media spend so much time covering the question of whether or not Jeb Bush can rise in the polls, but doesn't extend nearly that level of coverage to other non popular contestants?
The different between Sunni and Shi'ite Muslims.
Why did film become a synonym for movies when photography also used film?
The core beliefs of American political parties.
How do broadcasters sell and maximize advertising revenue during live sports when they don't know how many commercial breaks there will be?
Why when we are sick/have an infection does our body temperature go up, as in a fever?
Why do real almonds not taste like almond paste/flavoring?
Why haven't people as a whole adapted to the cold? We have adpated to the sun by the pigment in our skin changing colour depending on your exposure to sunlight.
When I swallow a pill, why is there sometimes a heavy feeling in the back of my throat?
Why is Reddit valued at "only" ~$1.8 billion, when less popular sites (e.g. Twitter) are worth many times more?
How can there be a sex wage gap in the US if we've had the Equal Pay Law since 1960?
How can electric motors for cars be small enough to fit into a car and relatively cheap while industrial electric motors with similar power and torque are the size of a kitchen and cost more than an electric car?
Why are sunglasses universally considered "cool"?
What is the difference between quality sushi and regular sushi?
Why do American cities often have to take large public transport projects such as light rail and metro system to the voters but don't have to do the same for massive highway and road construction?
How come bluetooth is so much slower than Wi-Fi?
How does the ISS avoid damage from solar wind's if it is always in constant orbit?
Why do we tear up when we yawn
With the Separation of Pangea, how come we didn't evolve into several different species?
How is Canadian healthcare different from Obamacare?
Why do app developers like supercell release their updates/apps way earlier on one platform than the other?
Why do the vast majority of good police officers and other form of L.E. protect the "bad apples" and not outcast/ help remove them?
If we were still at war with Nazi Germany, Nazi supporters would be tried for treason. Why now are Nazi groups aloud to persist, unchallenged by law?
Why is pencil graphite referred to as Lead instead of graphite?
Why are the words "Yeah" and "Oh" always in pop songs and said for so long?
Where does color goes when the sun "bleaches" it?
Why does my phone echo sometimes?
Why does inbreeding cause the offspring to have a significantly lower IQ than average? What is the science behind it?
Why is it that after waking from a bad dream, even though I am awake and aware that the dream was not real, I am still irrationally freaked out and disturbed by the events of the dream for a good amount of time?
Why can't modern houses be economically independent with solar + battery+ a little backup generator just incase?
If we are 70% H2O, why are we considered Carbon based?
Why do we have speed limits rather than a speed range?
can you explain the NFL lockout to me (what it is, why it happened, outcomes of it etc.) LI5
The world can't agree on standard units of measurement for anything except time. H ow come?
We all mostly skip or block ads. What makes companies still believe online ads like on youtube is worth investing?
Can someone explain what quantum suicide and quantum immortality are?
Why is it that plants comparatively much less diverse (only ~250,000 species) than other clades of life?
Why do we randomly get this weird/burning sensation in the nose when inhaling?
how do sinkholes happen
Are mobile ads intentionally the last thing to load while opening a page, so more people would accidentally click them?
why are we producing more aluminium than we recycle if it takes 95 percent less energy to recycle?
why are there no comedy categories at the Oscars
Why is it when I love someone a lot, that sometimes I have to hug them tightly and it feels like I can't be close enough.
Why are the stairs of an escalator higher than the stairs of a staircase?
Why does half and half in containers not have to be refrigerated? How come it can be left out for days while milk has to always be kept cold?
Why are smoke shops allowed to sell bongs?
How does hot water work in hotels?
How do pornography sites stay in business?
How am I a W-2 employee, yet do not qualify for any benefits, including unemployment? Details in comments.
How come Humans can't learn animal languages and communicate to them?
How and Why exactly does encryption work? Dont you need to transfer the key, and couldnt (lets say the NSA) not simply obtain it by saving all your internet activity?
What do degrees (temperature) actually measure?
Why is it such a big deal that it costs more than 1 cent to make a penny? Shouldn't the cost and production of other coins and bills counteract the defecit of making pennies?
Why does yellow mustard taste so different from Dijon mustard?
Why are denim jeans both stiflingly uncomfortable in hot weather and freezing in cold weather?
the oligodynamic effect (i.e brass doorknobs disinfecting themselves after a period of time)
I am short-sighted. If I look in a mirror which is close to my face, objects in the distance (in the mirror) still look blurry. Why?
How do hair transplants work?
Do water filters (like those placed in Brita water pitchers) really make a substantial difference in the quality of the water?
Why some people would rather help an animal than a human?
Why are second (and if lucky) third orgasms in a sex session (with a partner or alone) less intense than the first?
Air pressure in houses? Why do some doors hit a cushion of air when they close, some doors slam when they close, and some doors get sucked closed?
Why do such well-known companies as McDonald's and Coca-Cola pay tens of millions to be the lead sponsors of the World Cup/Olympics/etc.? Do people really not know these companies at this point?
The number system of Graphics Cards
Why can I hear a TV from another room, even if the volume is off?
What does "single payer" mean in the american health care system ?
How is mass extinction humans fault?
How are branded drinks mass produced? (Gatorade, Monster)
what's an API? (computers)
Why are Japanese fan content creators so much more strict about their activities in order to avoid copyright issues than Western fan creators?
The difference between a parody and a satire
How come—when looking at the light produced on earth VIA satellite imagery, they are always yellow, when in fact, there are lights of all different colors being produced?
Why is insurance handled by private, for-profit companies rather than by the government?
How do tunnel builders know where they are going?
How exactly do Saline pools work?
Why did I just pay $250 for a passport with a 3-week turnaround, when a driver's license is $25 and take 30 minutes?
Why is financing a car through a bank cheaper than financing through the dealership, even though dealerships have lower interest rates?
how come we don't yet know the perfect diet for humans?
Why do aeroplanes/airplanes have headlights?
Why do i sleep better when its cold?
How does a contagion spread from contact with an open wound to the target organ in the body ?
Why can some people smoke and never get addicted, while other are addicted for life?
Why do trained muscles get more volume rather than density?
In US, when a city is divided into two states, if a crime occurs in a part of city and the criminal is caught in different part of city, Is he also violated Federal Interstate laws?
what happened to the hole in the ozone? Did we fix it, is it still there, was it never that big of a threat?
When I put pressure on my eyes for an extended period of time I see really cool patterns that alternate. What is that?
Why is Saudi Arabia an ally of the USA?
How can Brick and mortar retailers continue to exist with online competitors
Why does the shower water become hotter when someone flushes the toilet?
Do uncontacted tribes know we're here, like we are aware of their presence?
Why can't we just gargle an antiseptic to get rid of a sore throat?
Why can't governments print "temporary" money to cover important expenses?
Why can humans eat almost anything, yet so many foods like chocolate, grapes, and xylitol are dangerous for dogs and other mammals?
Why are Americans more or less complacent with the income inequality in their country?
How are those huge cranes that work on skyscrapers setup/made taller/moved to really high floors?
Why is cooking wine not regulated in stores like regular wine is?
Why are Dolphins considered to be smart/advanced?
During the Middle Ages, what would happen if a country invaded another, and the invaded country couldn't afford to fight so it surrendered, but the invading country kept on fighting?
How does the "brace" position in aircraft emergencies protect us?
Why can certain types of batteries be recharged when others cannot?
The US has more youth playing soccer than any other nation in the world. Why don't we have our own Messi?
(As an American) Why is freedom of speech protected from the government, but not corporations?
Cosplay; is it just done for an event? Does one wear their outfit on multiple, random occasions? Is it just made for the photos?
If there are concentration camps in North Korea that are similar to those found in Germany during WWII, why hasn't a military force such as NATO intervened?
Why is mercury the chosen substance for determining the temperature?
How do women's menstrual synchronize if they spend a lot of time together?
I am confused about how many KB are in 1 MB. Some sources seem to say 1000 and others say 1024. Which is it?
please ELI5 what the sound is when i put a cup near my ear
Why do you often feel to hot/cold when you want to sleep?
Is it possible to make an app that is a scale for an iPhone? Since we have pressure sensitive touch, is there a reason we can’t have it measure just how much pressure for small items?
when is space where there is nothing but emptiness, what do rocket engines thrust against that make them move forward?
Why does the law allow companies to purchase or merge with other companies? Why aren't all purchases/mergers viewed as a consolidation within an industry and a step closer to monopolization?
Why doesn't the United States FDA create a daily multivitamin they approve of?
Why is Quebec still French speaking?
Why does rain make people tired?
Why does smoking preserve food?
Why when you stare at a moving pattern for an extended period of time and then look up, why everything's wavy.
Why are Saturday morning cartoons idealized? What’s so different about them as opposed to other days’ cartoons?
What is CERN and what real problems can it cause?
How can someone just walk away from a home loan?
Why do we drink cow's milk instead of human milk?
In Sci-fi movies, why are alien organisms almost always silicone based?
LI5, the current patent controversy between the top tech companies Google, MSFT, Apple, etc.
How are games cracked?
How carbon dating works
Why is it taking them so long to come out with the oculus rift consumer version, when they developed it nearly a year ago, and came out with the development kits nearly two years before that?
Why do different cheeses made from the same type of milk have different Calcium values?
Why does water cause a near perfect hexagon bokeh on camera lenses?
How does insane Clown Posey have such large following, who are willing to do anything for the band?
- if pi is in between the number 3 and 4 how can it be infinite?
ELI5:Why is it that a small animal will run up to a big animal and fight it and the bigger animal will run away? Do animals not know their size?
How did the idea of weekends come to be?
Why is there so much apparent public criticism against labor unions when they empower mostly low to middle income workers; who make up the massive majority of workers?
Why do doctors stop applying a defibrillator after a couple of tries?
How is it possible to program a computer? How can a clunk of metal understand lines of code?
How is it possible that we are able to find planets far away form the Earth (like Kepler-186 f or PSR B1257+12) but we don’t know if there are other planets in our solar system?
Smartphone "rooting" and "crapware."
; Bohr vs Einstein puzzle solution.
What does repertoire area mean within classical music?
Why won't Mitt Romney release his tax returns?
When a small child cries, they often start with the initial cry followed by a long-ish pause, and then they start crying again. Why the long pause?
How do brands manufacturing non-concentrated, natural fruit juice keep the taste constant?
When people talk to animals or babies, why do they tend to talk in a high pitched cutsie manner, and never talk like they would normally?
Why can you not see deleted comments with a permalink, but you can see deleted threads with one?
Why do big bags of chips have zero trans fats but the smaller version of the exact same chips contains trans fats?
Why does China, India, ect. have so many more people than the rest of the world?
How does electrical grounding work for ships? Why is it so complicated?
Poincaré recurrence theorem
Why does 2008 still feel like a couple of years ago?
What makes humans want to kiss one another?
How penny bidding sites (like QuiBids or Beezid) make their money?
Difference between Special and General Relativity
Why do Western movies picture robots and cyborgs like evil beings, but Japan portraits them as the good guys?
How are people colourblind?
How does Southern and Northern US Border control work?
Why do the front wheels of big trucks have such big convex hubcaps and lugnuts?
What exactly is a G.E.D. and why do people keep making fun of people who take the test?
Why is my original iPad completely useless after only a few years of ownership?
how big is the internet?
Is there any way the U.N. can hit back at Russia diplomatically?
How are wells built?
What makes raindrops large sometimes but small other times? And is the size of raindrops indicative of how much longer the rain will fall?
How are space agencies sure they are not contaminating Mars/TheMoon, and why do they care?
Why aren't we concerned with bacteria, viruses, and other microorganisms developing resistance to alcohol, chlorine, and other substances used to sterilize medical equipment (and hands)?
How did the commonality of "seeing the light" originate when people are "crossing over" or passing away?
Why does my stationary leg hurt when I ride a skateboard?
Why does electricity "want" to be grounded. If there was a bigger planet then Earth here would electricity jump to it instead ?
Who REALLY foots the bill when a corporation goes bankrupt? The unpaid bills?
Why are textbooks so expensive?
Why do we have to pay for internet? And why is there a limit?
What and how can start a natural bushfire?
Why must we let a steak "rest" for best flavor, but that just makes it cold?
How do food companies determine the expiration date for a product?
Why can you hear the voices in the apartment above you so easily, but not the voices in the apartment below you?
If you were confined in a small space with limited oxygen that you were trying to conserve, would it be more efficient to take continuous short breaths, or fewer breaths while holding your breath for longer periods of time?
How comes different phone chargers take widely different time to charge the same phone,despite all being rated 5V 1A?
Why is mace (pepper spray) illegal in the UK?
What is the force that causes you to think of someone moments before they call or text you?
What are the differences between the North and the South Pole?
How a recession causes lower gas prices.
Why trees produce different shapes/sizes of leaves.
How does my cat know to look at my eyes/face when communicating something?
OJ and the recently discovered knife can we still prosecute him or no since double jeopardy?
Why do the body-cells age?
Why does the water spray from the shower feel cold when you're standing next to the beam itself, even if the water is warm?
why do empty folders contain 0 bytes of data? Don't folder names contain (even a few) bytes of data?
Do caterpillars know they they are going to become butterflies? Or do they just get in a cocoon thinking, what the fuck am I doing?
Why do a majority of films that have action scenes usually have the action extremely loud and have all the talking quiet?
Why does food (meat, cheese, bread, vegetables) taste different when sliced thin vs thick?
Who pays for anti-smoking ads, and why do they want us to quit?
Why is the camera on the Mars rover so low quality?
Expiration dates for painkillers (details inside)
why are there only ever 2 or 3 NFL games available on tv each Sunday, instead of 5-10 like for college games?
How come old people sound "old". I'm not sure how else to explain it but they just sound different and harder to understand?
Why do Humans (and most mammals) have individual teeth instead of a beak or solid bony structure?
Why do people look away from the point of focus to think?
I've heard that no matter where you are in the universe, you're still equidistant from the universe's "edges" as it expands. How is this so? Or am I getting this wrong?
Why are there ashtrays on planes?
How come humans generally get into cold water slowly and uncomfortably, but animals jump in with no hesitation?
What's the difference between tornadoes, hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons etc?
Why are pregnant women restricted from roller coasters, hot tubs, flights, etc?
EILI5: The whole Viva Revolution with Che Guevara?
Why do they bother to try and "hide" cell phone towers?
Full Faith and Credit in the US
How much of the music does a songwriter actually write?
Dress sizes? What do they mean?
Why do we use implants for breast enlargement instead of something biological like stomache fat?
Why does the svartifoss waterfall cliff have squares
How to catch up/develop a well informed opinion on world news and politics?
Tomatoes and peppers are native to the Americas. Why are they identified with traditional Italian/Indian/Chinese/etc food?
Why are nike shoes $150 or more and how do they enhance performance in sports?
How all these big websites lately have been getting their data hacked.
The "Economic gap" between the "1%" and the "99%"
What would happen if you were quiet for years?
Can imaginary numbers be represented visually?
The difference between race versus ethnicity.
Why do we get so much satisfaction out of popping things?
Why is the measurement of time (seconds, minutes, hours) based around the number 60? Why not a more common base, like 10 or 100?
Why do we, and all other animals, breath and use oxygen when nitrogen is so much more available in the atmosphere?
How are police sketch artists able to draw people relatively accurately based on descriptions?
Why do most song lengths seem to fall between 2 and 4 minutes?
What is that falling feeling you get in your stomach when you go down a hill in a car or rollercoaster
Why is the sea made out of salt water?
What do investment bankers actually do? Goldman Sachs, etc.
Why is it okay to say racist things about white people and sexist things about men but not the other way around?
What is bad about universities like the University of Phoenix and DeVry?
How do wireless speakers work?
how do people deep fry ice cream? Wouldn't it melt?
Why does my nose get runny when I eat/drink something hot.
Someone dies before they get a chance to retire. What happens to all of their social security benefits?
Is Magneto (from X-Men) good or bad?
Why does Bayern Munchen/Munich have the 2 names, and which one is "correct"?
The controversy surrounding the 2000 election (George W. Bush vs Al Gore)
What's the difference between a flash drive and external hard drive?
Why are colleges and universities so different from each other (Yale vs a local community college) but all of the information taught in school is the same for their respected fields ?
How do various worms dig into people, and how do we not feel it?
why are transgender issues suddenly all over the place?
How can clams grow shells?
Black athletes with hyphenated names
I had a fruit fly wander into my microwave and I decided to nuke him for 3 minutes, for science of course, and in the end the little bugger flew out. How is this possible?
what is "old man" strength?
Why Do People Have Fetishes?
I've been without an internet connection since June 12th. What's going on in the world?
Why is a mouse more accurate than a joystick on a controller
When was the last time in human history it would be more common to see someone walking barefoot than with shoes or sandals?
Why do some drinks seem to pass right through you whereas plain water is retained?
How does a disease make a comeback like Ebola or the Bubonic plague have recently?
How do they clean up the lead at gun ranges?
why are some people are more prone to insect bites?
Why are timeshares considered a scam?
or[5] Electronic Tablets/E-books.
How does an electron microscope work and can it be used on living tissue?
What's so bad about Detroit?
Why can't multi-billion dollar companies have less profit and pay their employees more without wrecking the economy.
Why do animals eyes light up in certain colours when shone at with a torch/light?
How come we can land probes on comets and send satellites around the galaxy, but we can't put a high resolution color camera on these devices?
Why some credit card transactions require a billing address and some only require a zipcode?
How do gradients work in tatoos
How did the russian revolution start?
How do the water intake on this nuclear plant work? And how this guy managed to go from the inlet to the outlet without a scratch?
How do the mammals of the ocean hydrate themselves.
"PTSD is a cultural product" what does that mean?
Why can most things in the body be transplanted, except the eyes?
Weird vibrating eye "trick"
Why are highway and street signs usually white text on green (at least in the US)?
Japanese vs American automobiles
Why do vehicles that carry a lot of people not require seatbelts?
I always hear about spacetime, but what proof do we have that it exists and that all theories based on it are accurate?
Canadians: What's the political situation with Quebec? What's with the whole "revolution" thing?
Are product restocking fees BS or is there some legitimacy to them?
Why do you have to get your oil changed after 3 months if you haven't driven 3,000 miles?
Computer Graphics Cards
Why is it the iphone (and other smartphones) requires a separate file type for a ringtone instead of being able to use mp3's already on it?
The difference between DVD-R and DVD+R, CD-R and CD+R?
How can peristaltic movements transport liquids?
How does the ISS maintain it's altitude without crashing into the planet?
what's the difference between an "escort" and prostitute?
What is stopping us from just replacing our natural adult teeth with synthetic ones?
Since whales are mammals, and need water to live like we do, how do they get it if they live in salt water, which is bad to drink?
How are outside noises able to be incorporated into your dream?
How does a boat motor work, and how does a small propeller move such a large object?
What is being 'calculated' by supercomputers?
How does Italy regard it's history in terms of their involvement in WW2 different from their "ally" Germany?
The Operation Teapot video is one of the craziest things I've seen. What exactly am I seeing?
How does bioluminescence work?
I read on reddit to get rid of a persons hicups ask them when are they going to pay you back for money they owe you when they really dont owe you. I tried it and it worked why?
How can they clone living animals?
the difference between shampoo, conditioner, body soap, 2-in-1 and 3-in-1.
how does your brain decide you like/dislike a certain song? What influences that? And why do we all like different songs?
How do LED thermometers work?
How is the 3D effect created in movies?
Why is sleep so comfortable shortly upon waking(especially when you have work/school/etc)?
What would happen if an asteroid the size of the moon hit the earth?
My grandparents live in a small town, where all of the older residents have a land line number that begins with the same three numbers. Why is it the same?
Why Nuking a asteroid that is headed for Earth is not a good strategy.
Why are Canada Geese called such instead of Canadian Geese?
With fight or flight, is there an effective way to overcome the freeze response?
Did Rob Ford actually help the city of Toronto?
Why do basements/cellars tend to attract mold and mildew so much?
Is it possible to have more than one type of flu (bacterial or viral) running in your body at the same time?
What is the difference between "Partly Cloudy" and "Partly Sunny" forecasts?
When people go outside to take a breath of fresh air, why does that help calm them down?
I just read the Brian Banks story; Why are women who falsley accuse men of rape hardly ever if at all sent to prison?
What does the term "too big to fail" mean?
If your voice sounds higher than what it sounds like to you, how can you sing the correct pitch?
Why are there no Grape flavored Yogurts?
Why is tinfoil (aluminum foil) so heat resistant?
How exactly does alcohol get you "drunk"
How do nuclear launch codes work exactly, and can just about anyone use it?
Why do I always wake up early after a night of hard drinking?
Why are porn sites more likely to infect the user's computer with viruses than other sites?
Why do loud noises seem to physically hurt? Is it all in our brain signals? Do deaf people feel pain from them?
How do GBA ROMS actually work? How do people recode entire games from Game Boys and DS' to work on the computer?
How do carnivores like Tigers and Lions get enough nutrient balance by only eating meat?
Why does some food get freezer-burned while others don't?
Pay-to-play politics
when I want to type an apostrophe, I would hit the key next to the enter key on my keyboard and get this character ' but why does this alternate character ’ show up in text that I have copied off the web? Are they meant to be used interchangeably?
Nowadays most money is digital, what prevents a bank to edit its computer records with another trillion $?
How and why did the body associate tears with sadness?
Why do colors combine to make other colors?
why is the Wilhelm scream so overused in movies?
When dieting and losing weight, is there a universal right way? Also do cravings mean something? And other ?
Why "Gravity" Does Not Exist
Some genes, increase the likelihood of getting certain diseases (like cancer) why?
What determines a person's sense of humor?
- How Do Solid State Hard Drives Work?
Why do floppy disks and SD cards have a mechanical lock switch to block access, when anyone can just flip the switch and access the data inside?
What is the definition of life?
Weird password policies
Distillation as it pertains to alcoholic drinks
Why do we cover railway tracks with rocks ? Does it improve the stability when a train goes by ? (due to the vibrations)
If I were to only rinse my body with water to clean myself, how clean would my body be?
Why do new cars smell the way they do?
I tried to sign up for health insurance through _URL_0_ but I don't make enough money to get subsidized...what do I do? [from Florida]
how come there is thunder/lightning during storms but during blizzards/snowstorms there is no thunder?
Why do nuclear weapons create "better looking" mushroom clouds than other explosives?
Power button on a smart phone
How do our eyes coordinate to look at the same point and produce one image?
Can you really snap a neck like they do in the films?
Why are most holiday messages depersonalized?
How are autonomous vehicles supposed to function in large cities (assumed to be where they'll be used most) when any normal gps system can't even function correctly with all the interference from the skyscrapers?
Why does inbreeding increase the likelihood of birth defects?
Is at your own risk/we are not responsible for X Legal? If yes, to what degree?
Where is all the water going?
The recently annonced exotic hadrons made of 4 quarks.
Why are Canadians considered to be one of the nicest people? Did anything special happened? Is Canada such a nice place to live in?
How I can tell if it's safe to click on a link here in Reddit w/o someone doing it purposefully to get my IP
Why does our body seem like it's exhausted when we oversleep?
Why is building a fence/wall at the U.S. border considered foolish?
Does the FBI really have a magical Google like in Criminal Minds?
How does the numbering on interstate exits work?
Why do we see spots in our eyes after looking into a bright light?
Why do African Americans dominate athletics in the U.S.?
Why is it so common for kids to dislike vegetables
how do Wii remotes work? You point them at a small black bar and you can move the cursor anywhere on the screen.
Is it possible to thrive on a 100% fungus based diet?
The most recent physics noble prize
What is the difference between Netflix's New Releases and Recently Added?
What is the difference between sutures and stitches?
How do blind people know they are gay?
If a cold is a viral infection, then why did paracetamol make my throat less sore?
How/Why does cracking a glow stick "activate" it?
How is Noise Pollution dangerous?
How is the wind capable of making 20 m high waves?
how come things that are blurry due to motion in rel life can look clear in mirrors?
The plot of Animorphs
Why are 3d models used for games, in a T-Pose when not in use or before an animation ?
Why do we read Shakespeare? Isn't the point of a theatrical play to watch it?
How did it come to be that baseball would be played during the spring and summer, football during the fall, and basketball and hockey during the winter?
What is stopping 911 dispatch centers from adopting texting capabilities?
Why all the hate for Joss Whedon's handling of Black Widow in Avengers: Age of Ultron?
How is Russia able to afford its current modernization program?
Why are people of Nordic origin taller than most humans?
If cellphones are replacing landlines, why aren't there versions of white pages for cellphones? How are landlines any different?
Is "dream Deja Vu" a thing?
what is the theory behind juries? Why can't judges just make all the decisions?
Why did the Earth form with just a single continent?
How is it possible to know precise details about planets that are many lightyears away, but not to know the exact size of pluto?
How (or why) is the US Federal Reserve not an actual part of the government?
Why hats used to be so popular in the 1920's and 30's
why Verizon workers are going on strike?
Why do omelets and scrambled eggs taste differently even though I put the same ingredients into them?
Why aren't independent votes counted in the presidential primary?
Why does cereal need to be in a bag in a box when dry pasta doesn’t need a bag before being put into a box?
Can Chinese writing be "sounded out?" How would someone read a word that they've never seen before.
Why do charities build new homes for the homeless/under-privileged when we already have a ridiculous amount of vacant homes in the US that could be fixed/don't need fixing?
Why do relatively small similarities between songs or books result in lawsuits worth millions, but knock-off food items can have identical ingredients, similar packaging, and even reference the name brand being ripped off with "compare to < brand name > "?
What does the "real" in real estate mean?
Why is anal sex called anal sex and not rectal sex? (NSFW)
Why does it hurt so much to get kicked in the balls?
What happens to medicines beyond their expiry date that they turn unsafe for consumption?
How exactly is a file deleted from your computer?
how are people in many societies expected to find love and marry by their early 20s?
Why is Ellen Pao hated?
Grafite and diamond are made of the same thing. Why one is transparent and other not?
How can you identify musical meter?
How do bees make such perfect hexagons?
Why have I never heard of someone getting heart cancer?
Where does the energy go to when you have a fully charged device and it is still plugged into the wall?
What causes a mob mentality?
Why Mexico did not become a powerful nation just like Canada or the US?
What do the reduced salt signs on highways and roads mean?
solving differential equations
Why does travel in a bus/train make me feel tired?
If women's cycles sync up when they spend some time together, wouldn't every women be theoretically on the same monthly cycle?
Why can't they make space elevators with propellers on them to reduce tension forces?
Why does the visible light spectrum appear cyclic to the human eye if the spectrum is based on specific linear wavelengths of light?
How did gold, silver, and bronze specifically become the iconic symbols of 1st, 2nd, and 3rd in competitions.
Why does clips of American news seem such poor quality on UK TV?
Why can't we flush toilets with saltwater?
Why does GPU drivers update, if the GPU is the same? What will that hcange?
How did we get metal to think? How does it know what the 1's and 0's are? Is it at it's core mechanical?
Why is soda a soothing chaser for alcohol?
What is "development hell"?
How did herbivorous dinosaurs get so large while have so little protein in their diet?
How do bytes take up "space"?
Why the Winter War happened
How does light transfer data in optical fibers?
Can anyone launch a satellite? Or are there laws claiming space territory?
How is child pornography taken down so efficiently from all over the web while it's so easy to find for instance pirate movies & TV series?
what do the different temperatures on a washing machine do to my clothes?
What kinds of things do high-priced lawyers do that get better results for their clients than what public defenders are able to do?
What is the margin of error?
how do silencers on guns work?
why aren't all toilets tankless (like the ones in commercial buildings)?
Why do Republicans want to repeal The Affordable Health Care Act so badly?
Why are we grossed out by the thought of our family members having sex or masturbating?
Why do sour foods make faces move involuntarily?
Why are dreams so much more vivid if you wake up during them?
Why don't people get drunk on rubbing alcohol?
What motivates people to write thousands/millions of lines of code for open source software for free?
Why Bing is so poor compared to Google search engine and showing no sign of catching up or improving
Can I build the internet from scratch?
Why does only your own saliva take out your own blood in fabric (like a tshirt)?
Exactly how is smoking weed different from eating edibles. Not in your mind but chemically.
Why is Bill Cosby not in prison yet?
Is Irish a race or a nationality?
Why aren't Chinese people typically fat? We eat so much rice on a near daily basis.
Where do the newborn babies in television come from?
if cameras take square photos, why are the apertures round?
What has caused Brazil to become as major of a country as it is?
Why do they say to "breathe in through your nose and out through your mouth" when exercising?
The naming conventions of sea vessels, HMS, SS, RMS etc.
If Republicans are such terrible leaders (responsible for govt shutdown, etc) why are they still elected?
Why hasn't there been a viable 3rd Party in American politics to date?
What is blood type? Why is our blood different?
Why is my graphics card so big compared to my CPU?
Why are terraced houses in New York and possibly other places elevated?
Why does daycare cost so much when the teachers are paid so poorly?
What is the controversy of CrossFit exercise programs?
What is the weight of gravity in pounds and how to find it?
Why can't "We the People" petition to have the NSA shut down (and it actually work..)?
Why don't we sue politicians for broken election promises as breach of verbal contract?
EL 5, How is it that "polar bear" clubs can go swimming in January and not die of hypothermia?
Til Death do us Part. Do religious people believe they are all single in Heaven?
Vulgar Latin and it's difference between Classical Latin
I've never seen a fat bird. Is that because flying is vital for them to survive so natural selection kills them or because birds simply don't get fat?
How does paracetomol work?
Why is "I don't like sand" line from Attack of the Clones considered so bad?
Do you need a computer to create a computer?
What is more environmentally friendly forced air hand dryers or paper towel?
Why do some downloads not show file size and / or ETAs?
How do coffee machines (like a Keurig) super heat water in 10 seconds?
When you boil water, where does the air that fills the bubbles come from?
... If yogurt is made with a starter of a small bit of yogurt, how was the first yogurt ever created?
What causes something to have a smell?
I'm British. How could Greece defaulting on its loan repayment and leaving the eurozone affect me, the rest of the EU and the global economy?
S.A.D (Seasonal Affective Disorder)
The difference between deductive and inductive reasoning.
Why is it so difficult to fall asleep without a blanket even when you aren't cold?
Why are some major media outlets speculating a Ted Cruz presidential run, ignoring that he was born in Canada?
The way cops sometimes talk
A few questions on house-buying stuff
At what point do under the table bank deposits become suspicious?
Why in ancient times anything but a pure wife was rejected, but some men married widows?
Why do people say county jail is worse than prison?
why do large amounts of prize money, (e.g. $100,000 from a game show or a lottery prize) get taxed so much?
That baby smell. Like on baby items in Toys R Us, what is it and why does it all smell the same?
How do owners of non-profit organizations or people who are "experts" in really odd things make money? Are most of them just retired or do they get paid by someone to do these things?
What is on the papers that news anchors are continuously shuffling?
How is headbutting someone effective? How do you hurt your opponent without hurting yourself?
Most fracking happens at over 1 to 2 miles under ground. What is the theory that explains how that water gets through 2 miles of bedrock to pollute my 150 foot well?
How do planes "break" the sound barrier?
How can "The Interview" have an all persons fictitious disclaimer at the end, when it is clearly based on a real living person?
Why did Longswords give way to rapiers and sabres during the Renaissance?
Is a human virgin birth scientifically possible?
How does Piratebay still manage to be a live website?
Why does Anime have a bad stigma?
Theoretically, shouldn't a pyramid scheme work?
How does radiation make you sick/kill you?
Why is a baby not nine months old when its born?
what in our brain makes the auto alarm clock go off?
What is actually going on with the oil companies, and why do the prices keep dropping?
Why do most promotions say "Purchase Not Necessary"?
Why do people call Fifty Shades of Gray porn?
Why is it that Reddit only displays some of my subreddits in the drop down at one time?
How and why did cannabis come to be illegal?
Why is female handwriting generally distinguishable from male handwriting?
Why does sperm and bleach smell basically the same?
How does the 'Stingray' work? Wouldn't you be able to hear interference on calls etc?
What stops a journalist from printing anything 'off the record'?
what is the point of making medical students study all the subjects/all residential rotations?
Why were ancient cities buried or abandoned if they continued to grow into modern cities?
Why do we perceive our vision as a single frame when we have two eyes?
Why does semen turn hard when exposed to hot water?
LI5: Why wont the US government legalize marijuana?
Why did Tipper Gore get so much hate from the music industry and fans during 1985 for wanting parental guidelines on music?
How is math like a language?
How do trees survive winter?
Why in construction, when they lay rebar, is it in a grid pattern?
Why do Wind turbines have three blades?
Why does diarrhea make your anus burn.
What is the purpose of hanging highly irradiated patient's limbs up in the air?
How is the melody encoded on a vinyl and how is it reproduced by a record player ?
Why can we multiply by 0 but not divide by 0.
How did child rearing work before diapers?
When naming a new royal, are there only certain names they are allowed to use or is it just assumed they'll use a previous royal name?
According to the BBC: pilots used the aircrafts' sensors to confirm "no civilians were in the proximity of the targets" In the Syrian Bombings. How?
Why do dogs throw up when they're hungry?
